mds: optionally forbid to use standby for another fs as last resort (#51942)
ceph/ceph: doc/cephfs/standby.rst

When failing over MDS daemons, a cluster's monitors will prefer standby daemons with
``mds_join_fs`` equal to the file system ``name`` with the failed ``rank``.  If no
standby exists with ``mds_join_fs`` equal to the file system ``name``, it will
choose an unqualified standby (no setting for ``mds_join_fs``) for the replacement.
As a last resort, a standby for another filesystem will be chosen, although this
behavior can be disabled:

::

    ceph fs set <fs name> refuse_standby_for_another_fs true

> Note, configuring MDS file system affinity does not change the behavior that
> ``standby-replay`` daemons are always selected before other standbys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   Configuring MDS file system affinity does not guarantee that
   ``standby-replay`` daemons are always selected before other standbys.
```
